[docs] Add live Tailwind CSS demo (#30966)
mui/material-ui: docs/data/material/guides/interoperability/interoperability.md

```

Most of the CSS used by Material UI has as specificity of 1, hence this `important` property is unnecessary.

> However, in a few hedge cases, MUI use nested CSS selectors that win over Tailwind CSS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, in a few edge cases, MUI uses nested CSS selectors that win over Tailwind CSS.
```

**Note:** If you are using styled-components and have `StyleSheetManager` with a custom `target`, make sure that the target is the first element in the HTML `<head>`. If you are curious to see how it can be done, you can take a look at the [`StyledEngineProvider`](https://github.com/mui/material-ui/blob/master/packages/mui-styled-engine-sc/src/StyledEngineProvider/StyledEngineProvider.js) implementation in the `@mui/styled-engine-sc` package.

### Usage

Now it's all set up and you can start using Tailwind CSS on the MUI components!

{{"demo": "StyledComponents.js", "hideToolbar": true}}

> [![Edit on StackBlitz](https://developer.stackblitz.com/img/open_in_stackblitz.svg)](https://stackblitz.com/edit/github-ndkshy?file=pages%2Findex.tsx)

Reviewer 2: Should we have this in the `examples` too? What was the reason you decided this to be available on StackBlitz only?

Author: I didn't know we had this folder.

Author: > Should we have this in the examples too?

The demo doesn't work with them, for some reason

> What was the reason you decided this to be available on StackBlitz only?

Codesandbox is slow as hell with Next.js

export default function App() {
  return (
    <div>

>       <Slider defaultValue={30} className="color-indigo-500" />

Author: `color-indigo-500` this doesn't exist.

Reviewer 2: Ooops, it should have been `text-indigo-500` I guess.
